0,Counter-Strike,Ruined my life.,1,0
10,Counter-Strike,"This will be more of a ''my experience with this game'' type of review, because saying things like ''great gameplay'' will not suit something I've experienced with Counter-Strike. Here you go:  I remember back in 2002 I was at a friend's house and he was playing a game. I didn't know the name of the game nor I had internet to find it. A few weeks passed by and another friend came over. He didn't have a computer, so he brought a disc with a game in it. He told me that it was one of the best games and from that very moment I knew that it is going to be the game I saw at the other friend's house. When I saw the Counter-Strike logo I was filled with gamegasm (?) and I was so happy. I was playing it hardcore. Made friends, clans, was involved in communities and even made two myself. Counter-Strike is my first game which I played competitively and it was a such an experience. Playing public servers with mods were very fun, but playing it competitively made it very intense and stressful. In a pleasant way, ofcourse. Looking at the current e-sport scene it might not seem like much but back then it was different.  Shooters these days try to be different, advanced in a way. Sometimes the most simple games like Counter-Strike are the ones that live to this day. Also, there are plenty of mods to keep your attention to this game. The gameplay is very simple - defend as a Counter-Terrorist, attack as a Terrorist to plant the bomb or save the hostages as a CT. I am sure most of you already know this and I doubt there are gamers that haven't heard or know the gameplay of Counter-Strike, so I am sharing here more of my experience.  I wish I could find my CS Anthology account which I've lost since 2008. So, I decided I am going to buy this game again and here you go - more than a thousand hours played. I still play it from time to time to this day and it brings back many great memories and I sometimes even stumble upon people I've played with years ago. I think Counter-Strike changed gaming in a major way and we wouldn't have many games like we have today, if this game wouldn't exist.   I am sure many of people already have played games like CS:GO but never the roots. I doubt any of you will play it for more than an hour, because it's much more simple and it differs a lot in my opinion from CS:GO and modern games. It's harder though.",1,1
10,Counter-Strike,This game saved my virginity.,1,0
10,Counter-Strike,• Do you like original games? • Do you like games that don't lag? • Do you like games you can run on low end PC's? • Do you like games where you don't meet children who have slept with your mother?  Then this is for you!,1,0
10,Counter-Strike,"        Easy to learn, hard to master.          ",1,1
10,Counter-Strike,"No r8 revolver, 10/10 will play again.",1,1
10,Counter-Strike,Still better than Call of Duty: Ghosts...,1,1
10,Counter-Strike,"cant buy skins, cases, keys, stickers - gaben cant steal our money 10/10 would play again",1,1
10,Counter-Strike,"Counter-Strike: Ok, after 9 years of unlimited fun with friends, I have finally quit counter strike. Counter strike, in all of its versions, its just a great FPS game that anyone can enjoy it. Its a great game and all, you just cant stop playing it, you can just sit and play with your friends for days with out stoping. The huge weaoponary option you can choose and the smooth and sound of the game, its just f*cking addicting. With this games I've met so many different people and unique friends. This game is literally G(OLD). To all the young players who are looking for a good cheep and fun game to play with their friends, I highlly recommend on this. I've got (with steam record) 2,484hrs record in counter strike IN TOTTAL,,, and who knows how many more hrs in a non official steam version of this game.... Great Game. GG WP. And too all the people who will keep playing this game, all I can say, as always, GL &amp; HF &lt;3",1,1
10,Counter-Strike,Every server is spanish or french. I can now fluently swear in both languages 9/10,1,0
10,Counter-Strike,Fire in the Hole Simulator 1999,1,0
10,Counter-Strike,"I never played a better first person shooter. Graphics doesn't matter for gamer, gameplay only.",1,1
10,Counter-Strike,"WARNING : DO NOT buy this game, if you do, you'll never see the sunlight again !",1,1
10,Counter-Strike,"CS is one of the greatest and undermined games in history. It is, in my opinion, the best  game to ever have a crosshair. It is not a contact sport, so for the girly girls, it is an activity to indulge in.  It starts off with a team trying to kill another team.   I started playing cs when I noticed jacking off isn't the only activity to do on a computer. I started inviting a lot of friends out and getting drinks, as well as a boom box, to spend a nice summer day in the living room playing this wonderful game. I wanted to play every chance that i could. On my road of cs adventures, I encountered a couple of problems; those being that nobody was as fervent as I was about playing, and that when we did play, nobody was good enough, so it wasn't a lot of fun.  Then I discovered that I could sign up for a class with dboorn. I was overly excited, and signed up, but with skepticism at how the class was going to be. Sure enough, I was proven wrong. We started off by practicing a little bit. Then we split off into teams and started playing almost everyday of class. I made some friends, and played with people who had built up their skill gradually over the period of the course.  When I play counterstrike, the whole world disappears. Only I, the mouse, and my teammates remain. We are united in a common goal. We strive collectively towards an end we all desire. Each player has a spot to hold. They stand ready and waiting, eager for their chance to aid the team in what they hope will be a forthcoming victory. Thus, CS celebrates the unity of man, the indomitable spirit in all of us that pushes us and drives us towards excellence. When I play CS, I play until my veins pump battery acid, and then I play some more.  CS is unique among the games because it teaches all of us that no matter where we are in life, there is a role for us to play, and we can help our fellow man by fulfilling that role, and thereby our destiny. What destiny might you ask? I spoke before of unity. And it is that unity that brings us all together like one big loving family. That is the nature of counter-strike; the many working as one. One machine made of well oiled cogs and wheels, moving in unison, happy to play their part in the production of something greater than themselves. Not that these small metal objects are actually animate, I'm of course speaking only metaphorically.  Over the course of the years, I have increased in skill, but I have learned a greater lesson than how to be a better cs player. I have learned how to cooperate with a team to accomplish a goal that we all share. Even if that team is less than ideal. I have realized that cs is about more than just one's athletic ability. Instead, there is a deeper meaning behind the colt, the AK, the AWP, the deagle, the sands under my feet (in d2 or inferno). And more importantly, the teammates at my side. I love them. It is the human element of cs that gives cs its greatness.  In conclusion, I love cs. I love to win. I love pushing myself to my physical limits. It's that feeling that first drove me to the computer. For every second that I am not playing cs, there is only an unquenchable thirst to play. A thirst that grows as every minute passes by when I am outside, sitting at the television, or playing sports. I had an extraordinary time playing this game, and I will return to look at the future students of this game to see that bright eager look on their faces to remind me of how I used to feel. This review may be over, this game may be dead, but I will never stop playing couner-strike (1.6).",1,1
10,Counter-Strike,It's... aight.,1,1
10,Counter-Strike,I met a lot of people who slept with my mother. 10/10,1,1
10,Counter-Strike,Ruined my life. 10/10,1,1
10,Counter-Strike,"When you crouch, you lift your feet in the air and fall to the ground. It's allright.",1,1
10,Counter-Strike,Best shooter for 10 years. Steam evolved because of this game.,1,0
10,Counter-Strike,"One of the best FPS Games, the 1.6 Version will stay always in our hearts. I recommend it vor everyone who wants a tactical/action shooter.",1,1
10,Counter-Strike,"Many players learned here what do wellknown terms like lag, noob or ragequit mean. Oh how i miss old 1.6 days.   9/10",1,1
10,Counter-Strike,Playing it since 2010. Still bad at it.   10/10 Best game in CS series.,1,1
10,Counter-Strike,This game is the best game forever &lt;3,1,1
10,Counter-Strike,"Blame this game for the rise of the online multiplayer modern military shooter. Good game, great custom maps, terrible community. Not much has really changed since 2000, has it?  I don't think anyone still plays this particular version of CS though.  Edit: Wait, there are over 8,000 people in-game right now. Wow... guess I have to give this a 'yes' then because it isn't dead.",1,1
10,Counter-Strike,"2006 4:3  800x600 Resolution Windows XP 2001 office computer, fully white White keyboard, grey characters  White mouse, grey scroll wheel  Public library  Half of the people in the room are playing cs   After more than a decade later, this game is still alive. ",1,1
10,Counter-Strike,Best game ever! Started my gaming addiction :D,1,1
10,Counter-Strike,Probably the best FPS shooter ever made. Nothing can beat Counter-Strike 1.6.,1,0
10,Counter-Strike,Playing this game since 2001. It ruined my life. Five stars.,1,0
10,Counter-Strike,"  Update to my review with some shameless advertising 05/10/2016:   Hey readers. I am now hosting a server on CS 1.6 where you can play and enjoy the fun experiences I did back in the day.   Map rotations vary from Vehicle, Aim, Surf, Knife, Defusal, and Hostage maps! IP Address: 173.199.73.78:27025     Review 21/10/2014:   I've played this game since I was around 6 years old back in 2002 and it still makes me laugh and have fun whenever I launch it to this very day. Over 12 years of endless entertainment. No other game on this planet has given me more entertainment and enjoyment than Counter-Strike 1.6 has and I doubt no game ever will.  Reason i've only got 38 hours here is because I no longer use the account I originally played cs 1.6 on.   func_vehicle is what makes this Counter Strike game the best out of all the others in the franchise.  Find a server that has car maps or maps with func_vehicle entities and you will have endless fun running over teammates and enemies in all kinds of hilarious and goofy vehicles not giving a care in the world.  You can drive a fork with a meatball on the end of it. Do i need to say more?  Mods on this game are amazing too. There is a mod where you can catch pokemon, level them up, train them and use their skills. Call of Duty mod that is suprisingly better than cod its self, Warcraft mods, zombie mods, basebuilder and so on...  There is even a map for the jailbreak gamemode that has driveable snowmobiles.   1337/10  Leet crew 5 lyf  Kicks csgo's ♥♥♥ by a mile. I forgot how good wallbanging is in this game.  P.S - CS 1.6 is the only Counter Strike game where you can headshot with a knife or buy Riot Shields. Enjoy!  Oh yeah, you don't have to pay to use sprays in this game either.",1,1
10,Counter-Strike,"Well, look at my hours played you can already tell if it's a good game or not.         (YES IT IS)",1,1
10,Counter-Strike,Still better than Call of Duty!,1,1
10,Counter-Strike,WE WONT FORGET 1.6,1,1
10,Counter-Strike,"haven't played much, but looks ok.",1,1
10,Counter-Strike,"First of all its my first online game ever. I was very young and i was p